Where are the Hebrew children? Sung by Lily Williams.
Where are the Hebrew children?
Safe in the promised land.
Though the furnace flamed around them, God in his mercy found them,
And here there, his mercy bound them, safe in the promised land.
Where are the holy martyrs?
Safe in the promised land.
Those who are sterile, made them white, pure, and spotless.
And they laid them where no earthly stain could fade them, safe in the promised land.
Where are the twelve apostles?
Safe in the promised land.
They went through the flaming fire, trusting in the great Messiah.
Holy grace did lift them higher, safe in the promised land.
Where are the holy Christians?
Safe in the promised land.
Their souls will join the chorus.
Saints and angels sing before us.
While the heavens beaming on us, safe in the promised land.
By and by, we'll go and meet them.
By and by, we'll go and meet them, safe in the promised land.
There we'll sing and shout together.
There we'll sing and shout forever.
There we'll sing and shout, oh Zion, safe in the promised land.